Hey friends welcome to Take Care channel,
in today's video you are going to talk about many important
points which
we had told you about ICC Lambert in the video,
I had
not told you the process after that, sorry for the delay but
I am continuing now, so if you are new users then
first watch that video
of ICC Lombard, come to this video,
otherwise you people will not understand, so
I am starting from where
I left that topic, okay so
watch gas, now if you come to the channel for the first time then please
friend do subscribe to the channel because to
watch brother's video it is
necessary for you to subscribe, so do subscribe, do
like and do tell in the comment
what is your opinion, so okay
let's start the video and gas, this is the
ICC Lombard which I had told
you people about last time because I had
filed all these things in the intention, so
after all that process was done, what did these people do, I was
not getting any fast reply and I had already waited one and a
half month and I had  There was no other
option, so what should I say, I gave the
same opinion that the ICC fox people were
saying that you should talk to the manager,
talk to the manager, so I talked to the manager, but the
manager was not listening, so finally
I took the number of their manager i.e. the head from the customer care of ICC Lambert,
okay, so after taking the head's number,
after talking to him,
he said that okay, from our team, that is,
we have some people on third party
who help for everything,
so he gave a reference to him, he
said that yes, they will visit and they will see whatever you have, they will
verify all the documents etc. and they will
talk whether to give the claim or not,
okay, so after all this, one day
I called him, then he came yesterday and said that sir, are you meeting, we have your
request, so
see, I said that you are on
Saturday-Sunday, so he came on Monday, so when we will
meet on Monday, what did
he do in the meeting on Monday,
first of all I told him that brother, at the
garage  He said that we
cannot come to the garage, sir, you will tell us, we will come to the garage
and can't we come to the arranged place, I
said why, there was no such specific reason
but there was nothing to be scared of,
okay, then I called him to my house, I
said after coming to my house,
he verified all my documents,
driving license etc.,
after that he made me
write a statement in which it was written
where the accident happened, how the
car was, I
explained all those things, after all that
he said that you
show me the images of the damage to the car or show me the
images of the injuries you had suffered, so I
showed him all those things, after that
he asked me for some things like some of my
bills, those bills, I had said that
I had built the car with my own money, so he
asked me to see the bills after listening to them, so I was taking out
my bills, then he
caught my mobile in my hand and
without my permission, what did he do,
after going into my maps,
see all the things, they went here  What was it,
actually it is not authorized for anyone to
take the mobile of any person the day before yesterday
and see where all the data in that mobile went,
we do not give any information for them, but he still did all those
things, if he asked me
where did you go on this date,
what were the images, show me all that history with
your hands, then it was a different matter,
but he got up and laughed to himself, looked with his
hands, in which some of my personal
images were also there, then all this should not be done, so
ICC Lombard crossed their throne
and they did
not settle any claim etc., so finally
my conclusion is that this
ICC Lombard is a total
fraud and the problem with these people is that ICC
Lombard always cheats the customers, that's it,
so hopefully it
depends on you, how many
animals and what kind of insurance are you getting,
from which company, what insurance are you getting, it
depends on you,
this is my opinion  I wanted to say that
if that guy is checking it then it is
fine, he should check it with my permission, otherwise
you are not hesitant to touch anyone's
personal phone and check it, so
if you are doing all such things then it is
totally wrong, it is
not giving you any authoritative rating, then this thing is
meaningless by doing all this, then the better option is
that you should take a claim from a good company only,
or if you do not buy any bike, then
in that term he was directly saying
that we do not want ICC Lombard
claim, we do not want this insurance, then now it
depends on you, I have
told you my opinion, you all must have
understood the whole thing,
and if you did not understand then please, please, I
request you to
first watch that video and only
after that watch this video so that you get
complete information about what all
processes are involved in these things
and after that, if you are going to get it in the end then it is
not there at all, then time means after working so hard
Leave it, thank you, so
you guys must have understood everything about watching the match and hopefully, so
please do subscribe to the channel,
like it and do
tell us in the comments what your opinion is, whether you
got your claim or not, brother, do tell me,
thank you, so match gas and watching video
and please like and share and definitely
subscribe button, thank you